Manual - GIF Creator

Starting the application, you should see the main menu with two buttons.

Click the 'Create a new GIF' button to get started. You should now see the GIF creation view, touch somewhere in the center square to start importing images by then clicking on the left (gallery) or right (camera) button that should appear.
Once you picked an image, you will see it in the image list on the top. You can import as many as you want by clicking each time the image in the center and they will be sequenced in the list from the left to the right. You can select them from the top list to have a bigger overview of the image in the middle, a selected image will appear with a blue border. You can delete images by selecting them first and then clicking the red cross on the top right corner of the center image. Finally you can change the order of the top list by long pressing the image you want to move, and then drag-and-dropping to the new location.
At every moment you can click the 'back' button on the bottom to go back to the main menu. You will have to confirm this decision if you have images imported.
Once you are satisfied with your sequence of image, click the next button on the bottom. You should see that the top has changed, you can now enter a name (it is mandatory to create the GIF) in the text field and you can also change the speed using the slider (slow on the left, fast on the right). You will see a preview of your GIF in the center, when you are happy with it you can click the done button. After a few seconds of loading, you should be back on the main menu.

Click the 'All GIFs' button to see your created GIFs. You should see a vertical list of your GIFs with their name and a preview of their first image. Click on them to show a bigger preview and have more options. You can now delete the GIF by clicking the trash on the top right corner, or share it (sms, mail, save to phone, social media\'85) by clicking the network button also on the top right corner. You can click the top left corner button to go back to the GIF list, and then again to go back to the main menu.
